# LSTM Weather

This project examines the accuracy of a simple LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) neural network for predicting the weather in a singular location.

## Demo

You can find a demo of this project at <a href="https://weather.martinangell.com" target="_blank">weather.martinangell.com</a> or <a href="https://weather.landerduncan.net" target="_blank">weather.landerduncan.net</a> depending on which of us you like more

## Technologies

To construct this project we used the following technologies:

- Tensorflow
- Typescript
- NodeJS
- ExpressJS
- ReactJS

## Structure

This project uses a relatively standard frontend/backend structure. We worked this in by having different folders for each. The backend loads the statically compiled files generated by our react build and incorporates it with the backend logic. Because of this organizational structure they could be easily worked on independently.

## Installation Guide

Begin by cloning the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/LanderDuncan/LSTMWeather.git
```

Then install the dependencies for and build the frontend

```bash
cd LSTMWeather/frontend
npm i
npm run build
```

Finally, install the dependencies for and launch the backend

```bash
cd ../
npm i
npm start
```

## Testing

TO BE FILLED OUT LATER

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether it's reporting a bug, suggesting an enhancement, or contributing code, your help is greatly appreciated.

### Bug Reports & feature requests

If you come across a bug or would like to request a feature, please [open an issue](https://github.com/yourusername/yourproject/issues) with a detailed description and informative title. 

### Code Contributions

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and commit them.
4. Push to the branch.
5. Open a pull request with a clear title and description.


## Credits

Lander Duncan - Backend Development and ML Engineering\
Martin Angell - Full Stack Development

## License

<a href="https://github.com/LanderDuncan/LSTMWeather/blob/main/LICENSE" target="_blank">MIT</a>
